Hello everyone, it is the fourth
and last day of The Summit,
here we have Gleb (Funn1k)
the King of Fields, and our hairy friend
what can you say about the atmosphere
on this tournament, it's quite home-like, relaxed, no?
Yes, it is exactly as you said
everything is awesome here, you can't say
that you are on a tournament, more like you came
to play and relax
It's not really a work environment, there are no people
that usually come up to you for an autograph
I mean it's cool and nice, but gets in the way sometimes
There is none of that here, you are relaxed and enjoying the time here
You are saying it is relaxed here
how does it show on your games
or on other teams' games, because I saw that
teams are making lots of different mistakes?
It shouldn't show on your games
if you came here to win, you will win
but if you came here to just play, to practice
then you will get fourth place.
Well, you came here, you practiced
you got fourth place, what kind of
lessons did you learn, what will you do in the future?
We figured out lots of things, the main was
that right now, everything's not going that great
but everything can be fixed... won't be easy, but it's possible.
We need a little bit of time, and everything will be good.
As far as I know, you haven't practiced before,
there were qualifiers in Europe, where Puppey and
Kuroky went, you didn't really play, now on this tournament
what were your expectations?
We didn't really have any expectations, we tried to
practice before the tournament, to develop certain strategies
and so on, here we tried what is working
what is not working, but in general all this was caused
that we were playing poorly, it's hard to explain.
We came here not to win, we came here to practice
if we came here to win, then it would be disappointing
but since we came here just to play, then it's not so bad.
So this is all right for you then?
Yeah, it Is all right. Sorry, but they aren't
paying $5 million for the first place here.
We still have time.
All right, then tell me about the $5 million dollars
for the first place, which will be coming soon
in a month, you don't have much time left
I know you will have a bootcamp for ESL One
then you will have another one after ESL One
can you tell us more on how you will prepare?
On 19 June, I think, we will go to Germany
we will have some sort of schedule there
or something, so we will start really working before
The International, like we did the last time we went to China
try and repeat the same steps, to catch the groove
and go with the flow, win everyone, and so on.
All right, as you know, this year's The International
has a very large prize pool, do you think having such
a large tournament, it devalues the other tournaments
where you can slack off for a whole year, then
focus and win, or work hard, and so on?
Not really, I mean look, other tournaments are already 200-250 thousand
and you can't really say that even compared
to The International, that it's insignificant
I mean it is still a lot of money
and you should not relax, the more you win
the more you earn.
Can you tell us a little bit
about the mood within the team
I know that Dendi is sad a little bit
even though like you said it was logical
I haven't really spoke to Puppey and Kuroky
How is it going in the team?
It is actually going normally
everyone understands what is going on
there will be a point when we will all sit in the corner
and will start examining what is going well
what is not going well, and will start actually working.
This moment will come, for sure.
It always is this way, and everything will be decided
on this bootcamp, so how we will play there
what we will learn there, that's about it.
All right, thank you for the interview, see you
in Seattle, take care, I hope that
you will practice hard and will be in good shape
at the tournament, we will, of course
cheer for you.
Subscribe to our channel
and stay with us.